Abstract:Crystalline lithium disilicate (Li 2 Si 2 O 5 , LS2) materials, which have excellent mechanical properties with high transparency, should be obtained efficiently through the crystallization of supercooled liquid composed of LS2. However, in addition to LS2, a lithium monosilicate (Li 2 SiO 3 , LS) phase is also precipitated during the crystallization of the liquid. The precipitation of the LS phase renders it difficult to obtain a single-phase LS2 material. Here, we show that by altering the oxygen partial pressure, it is possible to change the selectivity of the precipitated phase by controlling the interfacial phenomena that occur between the liquid and platinum contact material. During cooling of the supercooled liquid, the type of precipitated phase can be controlled by optimizing the atmosphere and type of contact material. This methodology can be applied for the fabrication of other functional materials and does not require the use of other additives.
Paraphrase:Crystallization of supercooled liquid lithium disilicate (Li 2 Si 2 O 5, LS2) results in the coprecipitation of lithium disilicate and lithium monosilicate (Li 2 SiO 3, LS) crystals, making it difficult to obtain single-phase LS2. We show that composition of the LS2 precipitated phase can be controlled with changes to the oxygen partial pressure and type of contact material during cooling of the supercooled liquid. The resulting methodology proceeds without the need for additives in the LS2 and may translate to fabrication of other functional materials.
Abstract:To evaluate the quality of Salvia miltiorrhiza Bunge, high-performance liquid chromatography-diode array detector (HPLC/UV-PAD), near infrared (NIR) spectroscopy, and chemometrics were used to discriminate nine components of samples from four different geographical locations. HPLC was performed with a C18 (5 μm, 4.6 mm × 250 mm) column and 0.1% formic acid aqueous solution-acetonitrile with a gradient elution system. Orthogonal partial least squares discriminant analysis was used to identify the amounts of salvianolic acid B. NIR was used to distinguish rapidly S. miltiorrhiza Bunge samples from different geographical locations. In this assay, discriminant analysis was performed, and the accuracy was found to be 100%. The combination of these two methods can be used to quickly and accurately identify S. miltiorrhiza Bunge from different geographical locations.
Paraphrase:The quality of Salvia miltiorrhiza Bunge was evaluated using high-performance liquid chromatography-diode array detector (HPLC/UV-PAD), near infrared (NIR) spectroscopy, and chemometrics to distinguish nine components of samples from dour different geographical locations. HPLC was carried out with a C18 (5 μm, 4.6 mm × 250 mm) column and gradient elution system containing 0.1% formic acid aqueous solution in acetonitrile. To identify the amounts of salvianolic acid B., orthogonal partial least squares discriminant analysis was performed. S. miltiorrhiza Bunge samples from different geographic locations were distinguished using NIR, and this assay achieved accuracy of 100% using discriminant analysis. We demonstrate the combination of HPLC and NIR methods can be used to rapidly and accurately identify S. militiorrhiza Bunge from different geographic regions.        
Paraphrase:We report development of a joint chromatographic and spectroscopic assay for determination of the geographic origin of Salvia miltiorrhiza Bunge in a sample. In this assay, samples obtained from four different geographical locations were analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography with UV detection (HPLC/UV-PAD) and near infrared spectroscopy (NIR) for independent quantification of nine components. Linear discriminant analysis was then used to construct a classifier for prediction of a sample's geographic origin from these nine component features. The resulting classifier performed with 100% accuracy.
Abstract:Cells of the vast majority of organisms are subject to temperature, pressure, pH, ionic strength and other stresses. We discuss these effects in the light of protein folding and protein interactions in vitro, in complex environments, in cells, and in vivo. Protein phase diagrams provide a way of organizing different structural ensembles that occur under stress, and how one can move among ensembles. Experiments that perturb biomolecules in vitro or in-cell by stressing them have revealed much about the underlying forces that are competing to control protein stability, folding and function. Two phenomena that emerge and serve to broadly classify effects of the cellular environment are crowding (mainly due to repulsive forces) and sticking (mainly due to attractive forces). The interior of cells is closely balanced between these emergent effects, and stress can tip the balance one way or the other. The free energy scale involved is small, but significant on the scale of the \xe2\x80\x9con/off switches\xe2\x80\x9d that control signaling in cells, or of protein-protein association with favorable function such as increased enzyme processivity. Quantitative tools from biophysical chemistry will play an important role in elucidating the world of crowding and sticking under stress.
Paraphrase:Temperature, pressure, pH, ionic strength and other stresses impact cellular environments and have effects on protein folding and protein interactions in vitro and in vivo. Different protein ensembles and the structural transitions among them can be mapped in a protein phase diagram. By perturbing biomecules experimentally in vitro, the underlying mechanisms that compete to control protein stability, folding, and function can be explored. Protein crowding (mainly due to repulsive forces) and protein sticking (mainly due to attractive forces) are two phenomena that emerge and serve to broadly classify effects of the cellular environment. These effects serve to maintain homeostasis within a cell, and stress can tip the balance one way or the other. Although the free energy scale involved is small, it is significant on the scale of the \xe2\x80\x9con/off switches\xe2\x80\x9d that regulate cell signaling or protein-protein association. As such, quantitative biophysical chemistry tools will be vital to elucidate the world of crowding and sticking under stress.   
Abstract:We describe a non-fluorescent, second generation stilbene that very selectively binds to transthyretin in complex biological environments and remains dark until it chemoselectively reacts with the pKa perturbed Lys-15 \xce\xb5-amino group of transthyretin to form a bright blue fluorescent conjugate. Stilbene A2 is mechanistically unusual in that it remains non-fluorescent in cell lysates lacking transthyretin, even though there is likely some proteome binding. Thus, it is especially useful for cellular imaging, as background fluorescence is undetectable until A2 reacts with transthyretin. The mechanistic basis for the effective lack of environment-sensitive fluorescence of A2 when bound to, but before reacting with, transthyretin is reported. Stilbene A2 exhibits sufficiently rapid transthyretin conjugation kinetics at 37 \xc2\xb0C to enable pulse-chase experiments to be performed, in this case demonstrating that transthyretin is secreted from HeLa cells. As the chase compound, we employed C1\xe2\x80\x93a cell permeable, highly selective, non-covalent, transthyretin binding dihydrostilbene that cannot become fluorescent. The progress reported is viewed as a first and necessary step toward our long-term goal of creating a one-chain, one-binding-site transthyretin tag, whose fluorescence can be regulated by adding A2, or an analogous molecule. Fusing proteins of interest to a one-chain, one-binding-site transthyretin tag regulated by A2 should be useful for studying folding, trafficking and degradation in the cellular secretory pathway, utilizing pulse-chase experiments. Immediate applications of A2 include utilizing its conjugate fluorescence to quantify transthyretin concentration in human plasma, reflecting nutritional status, and determining the binding stoichiometry of kinetic stabilizer drugs to transthyretin in plasma.
Paraphrase:Selective fluorescent tagging of tranthyretin may be useful in the study of folding, trafficking, and degradation in the cellular secretory pathway. Here, we report development of an advanced transthyretin chemosensor, stilbene A2, which functions by chemoselectively reacting with the pKa perturbed Lys-15 \xce\xb5-amino group of transthyretin to form a bright blue fluorescent conjugate. Unlike previous generations of stilbene chemosensors, A2 is non-fluorescent in cell lysates lacking transthyretin, despite likely binding to other components of the proteome, giving background fluorescence levels well-suited for cellular imaging. The mechanism of improved transthyretin selectivity is reported. Finally, we employ A2 to observe tranthyretin secretion from HeLa cells in pulse-chase experiments, using C1\xe2\x80\x93a the chase compound due to its cell permeability, tranthyretin selectivity, and lack of fluorescence. Chemosensor A2 may find immediate use in quantification of transthyretin concentration and determination of binding stoichiometry of transthyretin kinetic stabilizer drugs.
Abstract:The communesins are a prominent class of indole alkaloids isolated from Penicillium species. Due to their daunting structural framework and potential as pharmaceuticals, communesins have inspired numerous total synthesis efforts. However, the genetic and biochemical basis of communesin biosynthesis has remained unexplored. Here, we report the identification and characterization of the communesin (cns) biosynthetic gene cluster from Penicillium expansum. We confirmed communesin is biosynthesized from the coupling of tryptamine and aurantioclavine, two building blocks derived from L-tryptophan. The post-modification steps were mapped by targeted-gene deletion experiments and structural elucidation of intermediates and new analogues. Our studies set the stage for biochemical characterization of the communesin biosynthesis towards understanding how nature generates remarkable structural complexity from simple precursors.
Paraphrase:Communesins are indole alkaloids isolated from Penicillium which contain pharmaceutically relevant core scaffolds. While they have inspired numerous total synthesis efforts, the genetic and biochemical basis of communesin biosynthesis remains unexplored. Here, we identify and characterize the communesin biosynthetic gene cluster from Penicillium expansum. We confirm the biosynthetic pathway of communesin to involve the coupling of tryptamine and aurantioclavine which are both derived from L-tryptophan. We mapped the post-modification steps by targeted-gene deletion experiments structural elucidation of intermediates and new analogues. Our work on biochemical characterization of the communesin biothsynthesis pathway paves the way towards elucidating how structurally complex natural products are derived from simple precursors.     
Paraphrase:The biosynthetic gene cluster responsible for production of cummunesins, a prominent class of indole alkaloids, in Penicillium expansum is identifed and characterized. Communesins are of pharaceutical interest, and the total synthesis of several examples has been previously reported. The genetic and biochemical basis of communesin biosynthesis has heretofore remained unexplored, however. We confirm the coupling of L-tryptophan-derived building blocks tryptamine and aurantioclavine as the key step in biosynthesis. Additionally, targeted-gene deletion experiments and structural elucidation of intermediates and analogues are used to map the post-modification steps. These studies lay the groundwork for further biochemical exploration of communesin biosynthesis.
Abstract:Water is a ubiquitous solvent in biological, physical, and chemical processes. Unique properties of water result from water's tetrahedral hydrogen-bonded (HB) network (THBN). The original THBN is destroyed when water is confined in a nanosized environment or localized at interfaces, resulting in corresponding changes in HB-dependent properties. In this work, we present an innovative idea to validate the reserve energy of high-energy water and applications of high-energy water to promote water's fundamental activities of solubility, ionic conductivity, and extraction at room temperature. High-energy water with reduced HBs was created by utilizing hot electrons with energies from the decay of surface plasmon excited at gold (Au) nanoparticles (NPs). Compared to conventional deionized (DI) water, solubilities of alkali metal-chloride salts in high-energy water were significantly increased, especially for salts that release heat when dissolved. The ionic conductivity of NaCl in high-energy water was also markedly higher, especially when the electrolyte's concentration was extremely low. In addition, antioxidative components, such as polyphenols and 2,3,5,4'-tetrahydroxystilbene-2-O-beta-d-glucoside (THSG) from teas, and Polygonum multiflorum (PM), could more effectively be extracted using high-energy water. These results demonstrate that high-energy water has emerged as a promising innovative solvent for promoting water's fundamental activities via effective energy transfer.
Paraphrase:The unique ability of water to form tetrahderal hydrogen-bonded (HB) networks (THBN) makes water ubiquitous in biological, physical, and chemical process. This THBN can be disrupted when water is confined within a nanosized environment or localized at interfaces which, in turn, changes HB-dependent properties. Here, we present a validation of the reserve energy of high-energy water and demonstrate applications of high-energy water in activities of solubility, ionic conductivity, and room temperature extraction. Hot electrons from the decay of surface plasmon excited at gold (Au) nanoparticles (NPs) were used to create high-energy water with reduced HBs. The solubity of alkali metal-chloride salts, especially for salts that release heat when dissolved, in high-energy water increased significantly compared to that of conventional deionized (DI) water. The ionic conductivity of NaCl in high-energy water was also significantly higher especially when the salt concentration was low. Furthermore, extraction of antioxidative compounds such polyphenols and 2,3,5,4'-tetrahydroxystilbene-2-O-beta-d-glucoside (THSG) from teas, and Polygonum multiflorum (PM) was more effective using high-energy water. Together, these results suggest that high-energy water is a promising innovative solvent for enhancing water's fundamental activities.      
Paraphrase:Water is a common solvent with unique properties owing to its tetrahedral hydrogen-bonded network (THBN). When confined in a nanosized environment or localized at interfaces, this THBN breaks down, however, resulting in corresponding changes in the solvent properties. Here, we propose a method for disrupting the THBN in bulk water at room temperature so as to capitilize on the altered solvation properties of the high-energy state. Water was excited to a reduced hydrogen-bonding state using electrons emitted from decay of surface plasmon excited at gold nanoparticles. The resulting high-energy water showed increased solubility of alkali metal-chloride salts, particularly for those with exothermic dissolution processes. Additionally, the ionic conductivity of NaCl solutions in high-energy water was markedly increased, particularly at low NaCl concentrations. Finally, high-energy water was used in the extraction of antioxidative compounds, such as polyphenols and Polygonum multiflorum (PM). With these interesting property alterations, high-energy water in which the THBN has been disrupted is shown to be a promising solvent distinct from its low-energy counterpart.
Abstract:Most conventional materials display expansion in response to heating, so there is considerable interest in identifying materials that display the opposite behavior, negative thermal expansion (NTE). The current study investigated the temperature-induced contraction of seven mesoporous metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) of varying topology and composition, which exhibit outstanding porosity, using molecular simulation. We found exceptional NTE for the most porous MOFs, as well as a correlation between the coefficient of NTE and porosity. The large molecular subunits of the MOFs were further studied to find they intrinsically display NTE, corresponding to terahertz vibrational modes. As a result, NTE has a considerable effect on the mechanical properties of these MOFs and is an important consideration for understanding the mechanical stability of new extremely porous materials.
Paraphrase:While many materials exhibit thermal expansion in response to heating, materials that display the opposite behavior, negative thermal expansion (NTE), are less common and of significant interest. In our study, we investigated the NTE behavior of seven different mesoporous metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) of varying compositions, structure, and porosity using molecular simulation. We found MOFs with the highest porosity had exceptional NTE with a correlation between the coefficient of NTE and porosity. We further examined the large molecular submits of the MOFs and discovered they displayed intrinsical NTE corresponding to terahertz vibrational modes. Our results suggest that NTE has a substantial effect on MOF mechanical properties and can provide insight on the mechanical stability of highly porous materials. 
Abstract:Label-free peptide quantification in LC-MS proteomics analyses is complicated by the presence of isobaric co-eluting peptides, as they generate the same extracted ion chromatogram corresponding to the sum of their intensities. Histone proteins are especially prone to this, as they are heavily modified by post-translational modifications (PTMs). Their proteolytic digestion leads to a large number of peptides sharing the same mass, while carrying PTMs on different amino acid residues. We present an application of MS data-independent acquisition (DIA) to confidently determine and quantify modified histone peptides. By introducing the use of low resolution MS/MS DIA, we demonstrate that the signals of 111 histone peptides could easily be extracted from LC-MS runs due to the relatively low sample complexity. By exploiting an LTQ-Orbitrap mass spectrometer, we parallelized MS and MS/MS scan events using the Orbitrap and the linear ion trap respectively, decreasing the total scan time. This, in combination with large windows for MS/MS fragmentation (50 m/z) and multiple full scan events within a DIA duty cycle, led to a MS scan cycle speed of ~45 full MS per minute, improving the definition of extracted LC-MS chromatogram profiles. By using such acquisition method, we achieved highly comparable results to our optimized acquisition method for histone peptide analysis (R2 correlation >0.98), which combines data-dependent acquisition (DDA) and targeted MS/MS scans, the latter targeting isobaric peptides. By using DIA, we could also re-mine our dataset and quantify 16 additional isobaric peptides commonly not targeted during DDA experiments. Finally, we demonstrated that by performing the full MS scan in the linear ion trap, we achieve highly comparable results as when adopting high resolution MS scans (R2 correlation 0.97). Taken together, results confirmed that histone peptide analysis can be performed using DIA and low resolution MS with high accuracy and precision of peptide quantification. Moreover, DIA intrinsically enables data re-mining to later identify and quantify isobaric peptides unknown at the time of the LC-MS experiment. These methods will open up epigenetics analyses to the proteomics community who do not have routine access to the newer generation high-resolution MS/MS generating instruments.
Paraphrase:Proteomic analysis by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) is unable to distinguish isomeric, co-eluting peptides, since they give identical extracted ion chromatograms despite their structural differences. This situation is particuarly common for histone peptides, which typically contain large number of post-translational modifications (PTMs) distributed across differing amino acid residues. To address this issue, we introduce data-independent aquisition (DIA) using a low resolution MS/MS on an LTQ-Orbitrap mass spectrometer. In this method, MS and MS/MS scan events are parallelized across the Orbitrap and linear ion trap, respectively, to decrease the total scan time. Large MS/MS fragmentation windows (50 m/z) and multiple full scan events per DIA duty cycle further improve the MS scan cycle speed to ~45 full MS per minute and the definition of the extracted LC-MS chromatogram profiles. Our method provides comparable results for histone peptide signal extraction to data-dependent acquisition (DDA) with targeted MS/MS scans (R2 correlation >0.98), allowing histone epigenetics analyses to be performed without access to high-resolution MS/MS instruments. Additionally, post-processing of the DIA data allowed for quantification of an additional 16 isomeric peptides not commonly targetd during DDA experiments. Overall, these results prove that high accuracy and precision analysis of histone peptides may be achieved using DIA and low resolution MS.
Abstract:Kinases regulate cell growth, movement, and death. Deregulated kinase activity is a frequent cause of disease. The therapeutic potential of kinase inhibitors has led to large amounts of published structure activity relationship (SAR) data. Bioactivity databases such as the Kinase Knowledgebase (KKB), WOMBAT, GOSTAR, and ChEMBL provide researchers with quantitative data characterizing the activity of compounds across many biological assays. The KKB, for example, contains over 1.8M kinase structure-activity data points reported in peer-reviewed journals and patents. In the spirit of fostering methods development and validation worldwide, we have extracted and have made available from the KKB 258K structure activity data points and 76K associated unique chemical structures across eight kinase targets. These data are freely available for download within this data note.
Paraphrase:Kinases are crucial in the control of cell growth, movement, and death, and when unregulated, have been identified as causes of disease. Research and development of kinase inhibitors, potent therapeutics, have resulted in numerous published structure activity relationship (SAR) data. Databases such as Kinase Knowledgebase (KKB), WOMBAT, GOSTAR, and ChEMBL house datasets of the activity of these compounds across various biological assays. For example, the KKB contains over 1.8M kinase structure-activity data points. In this work, we aim to foster global development of validated methods by extracting 258K structure-activity data points and 78k associated unique chemical structures across eight kinase targets from the KKB which is freely available for download.   
Abstract:The heat shock proteins Hsp70 and Hsp90 require the help of tetratricopeptide repeat (TPR) domain-containing co-chaperones for many of their functions. Each monomer of Hsp70 or Hsp90 can only interact with a single TPR co-chaperone at a time and each member of the TPR co-chaperone family brings distinct functions into the complex. Thus, competition for TPR binding sites on Hsp70 and Hsp90 appears to shape chaperone activity. Recent structural and biophysical efforts have improved our understanding of chaperone-TPR contacts, focusing on the C-terminal EEVD motif that is present in both chaperones. To better understand these important protein-protein interactions on a wider scale, we measured the affinity of five TPR co-chaperones, CHIP, Hop, DnaJC7, FKBP51, and FKBP52, for the C-termini of four members of the chaperone family, Hsc70, Hsp72, Hsp90\xce\xb1, and Hsp90\xce\xb2, in vitro. These studies identified some surprising selectivity amongst the chaperone-TPR pairs, including the selective binding of FKBP51/52 to Hsp90\xce\xb1/\xce\xb2. These results also revealed that other TPR co-chaperones are only able to weakly discriminate between the chaperones or between their paralogs. We also explored whether mimicking phosphorylation of serine and threonine residues near the EEVD motif might impact affinity and found that pseudophosphorylation had selective effects on binding to CHIP but not other co-chaperones. Together, these findings suggest that both intrinsic affinity and post-translational modifications tune the interactions between Hsp70/90 and the TPR co-chaperones.
Paraphrase:Heat shock proteins Hsp70 and Hsp90 rely on co-chaperones containing the tetratricopetide repeat (TPR) domain for many of their functions. Each monomer of Hsp70 or Hsp90 interacts with a single TPR co-chaperone at any given time, and different members of the TPR co-chaperone family impart unique function into the complex. Competition for TPR binding sites on Hsp70 and Hsp90, therefore, effects chaperone activity. Previous structural and biophysical studies on the C-terminal EEVD motif present in both chaperones have improved our understanding of chaperone-TPR interactions. We built upon prior efforts by measuring the affinity of five TPR co-chaperones, CHIP, Hop, DnaJC7, FKBP51, and FKBP52, for the C-termini of four members of the chaperone family, Hsc70, Hsp72, Hsp90\xce\xb1, and Hsp90\xce\xb2, in vitro. We discovered some surprising selectivity amongst chaperone-TPR pairs, including the selective binding of FKBP51/52 to Hsp90\xce\xb1/\xce\xb2, and revealed other TPR co-chaperones had weak affinity between the chaperones or their paralogs. Furthermore, we examined how pseudophosphorylation of serine and threonine residues near the EEVD motif affects protein-protein affinity and discovered that pseudophosphorylation had selective effects on binding to CHIP only. Our findings suggest that intrinsic affinity and post-translational modifications tune the interactions between Hsp70 and Hsp90 and the TPR co-chaperones.